okay what's the limit here that's $20
good okay we know what we're holding we
know what your old hell you know what we
all have well you were looking for that
third three but you forgot the professor
green folded it on fourth Street and now
you're representing it you have it the
DA mate is two pair but he knows they're
no good here mr. Eisen is just futile e
hoping that his Queens are gonna stand
up
[Music]
for the last two years
Mike McDermott has been doing the
sensible thing but his best friend just
got out of jail he's like my brother
domesticated yourself to this girl and
need someone to lean on I need money I
gotta put some scratch together man and
consolidated your outstanding debt 25
grand they're still running what I did
was go put is when an old friend that he
was we do we used to do man you find the
games you Scout him I set them up club
Michael me damn it
I need be back last night I sat down at
that table and I felt alive my blood was
bubbling my skin was tingling
I was James Colver in the Magnificent
Seven throwing knives
guys are cheap right now he's ruining
your reputation if you don't hit my
money then you are mine I vouch for the
wrong guy so now it's on me
I can't stay for this for what to watch
you go all-in again can't run from
ourselves a destiny chooses us till Matt
Damon Edward Norton John Turturro John
Malkovich Gretchen mall famke janssen
and Martin Landau rounders